PCI Device Driver
-----------------
Version 1.0.0.89 Release Notes

Contents
--------
 1  Overview
 2  Required Files
 3  Installation/Uninstallation
 4  Troubleshooting
 5  Copyright

1  Overview
-----------
Windows thinks PCI as a device and require a driver for it. Therefore, we provide a null driver package, a .inf file without .sys file, to satisfy OS requirements.

### Operating System Supported:

* Microsoft Windows® 10 (64 bit)
* Microsoft Windows® 11 (64 bit)

2  Required Files
-----------------
To install the driver, the following files are required:

AMDPCIDEV.inf        
AMDPCIDEV.cat        
AMDPCIDEV.sys        


3  Installation/Uninstallation
------------------------------
To install the driver, copy the installation files to a temporary directory, then use the "Device Manager" to perform an "Update Driver" operation as follows.  
1) Invoke Device Manager. 
2) Look for the hardware with device ID 0x145A and 0x1455
3) Right-click on the device and click on "Update Driver".
4) Select "Browse my computer for driver software".
5) Click "Browse" to choose the installation files and click "OK".

Uninstallation:
---------------
1) Invoke Device Manager. 
2) Look for the hardware with device ID 0x145A and 0x1455
3) Right-click on the device and click on "Uninstall Driver".
4) Select "Delete the driver software for this device".
5) Click "OK".

4  Troubleshooting
------------------
If you should encounter any problems, uninstall the driver and reboot.

5  Copyright
------------
(c) Copyright 2022 Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.All rights reserved.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY:THE MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED AS IS WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OF ANY KIND INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD-PARTY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL AMD OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF INFORMATION) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE MATERIALS, EVEN IF AMD HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. BECAUSE SOME JURISDICTIONS PROHIBIT THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

AMD does not assume any responsibility for any errors which may appear in the Materials nor any responsibility to support or update the Materials.AMD retains the right to make changes to its test specifications at any time,without notice.NO SUPPORT OBLIGATION:AMD is not obligated to furnish, support, or make any further information, software, technical information, know-how, or show-how available to you. 

U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS:The Materials and documentation are provided with RESTRICTED RIGHTS.Use, duplication or disclosure by the Government is subject to 
restrictions as set forth in FAR52.227014 and DFAR252.227-7013, et seq, or its successor.Use of the Materials by the Government constitutes acknowledgment of AMD's 
proprietary rights in them.

